System Documentation

mysql.php
Every php will call this file once to connect to the database. The database connection is $dbc and it will alert the user whether the connection was successful or not.

Create.php / View.php (*means not in View.php)
First off its important to note Create and View php share similar but Create has a few more features to it than View.php

Handles the manage and creation aspect for the restaurant owners and hostess. Here lies where all of the data can be manipulated for
the customer to view on the web.

HTML Tags
The first important tag is the table tag which holds the information for: Table Number, Occupancy, Server and Number of Seats

*The next tag is a form action that allows the user to enter a number with the minimum being 1 and then pressing the delete button to go to delete.php 
which will then delete the table from the database and print the new list.

There are six global input tags that control: Table Number, xLocation, yLocation, Occupancy, Number of Seats and The Server. these values are changed by the 
various methods in the JavaScript. they are all connected by a form tag that when the user clicks *'save' they will be routed to data.php in which will record and
update the data then post the new list to the user.

*Finally there is a select tag that pulls from the employee database to put in a drop down menu which controls who is assigned to which table

Methods

initializeData() 
	calls from php code to initialize the global html inputs that describe the number of tables, xLocation, yLocation, Occupancy, Number of Seats
and who the server is. it will recreate the various data into one string and then recreate the arrays with the split method. Finally it will then 
initialize the global variables with the array.

This method is called once and page loaded

setData()
	Called after the global variables are initialized this will create tables (data loaded from database)on the canvas and set the event handlers 
for manipulation later on

*createTable()
	When the user clicks on the add table button this will create a new table at position 10,10 ask the user how many seats are at the table, add event handlers
for manipulation later on and set the server based on what the server spinner is currently on. Also the global variables are updated with the new info

*dragger()
	a function  used to let the user drag shapes across the canvas. important to note the numbers on the table are different variables and are also
move in response to the tables being moved.

*changeServer()
	jQuery method that is called when a user double clicks on a table. Raphael handles the double click and redirects it to this function. the user has no options
"Yes or No" if they click yes then the server will change to the server that is currently shown on the drop-down menu. No and nothing will happen at all and the message will delete itself.
The User can also close the dialog box which nothing will happen and the message will delete itself.

*fillTable()
	Another jQuery method that is also called when the user double clicks. Raphael also handles the double click and redirects to this function. There
are two choices "Yes or No". If Yes the table time stamp is recorded and stored in the global variable, If No the table time stamp is changed to empty
and stored in global variable. The user can click the 'X' to close the message

showTime()
	when the user mouses over a table this function will run in which it will find the index in the tableList that corresponds to the matching table and then
fires two functions calculateTime(index), showSeats(index);

calculateTime(index)
	this function will take the current time stamp, pull the old time stamp using the supplied index and calculate the difference between the two to see
how much time has passed.
	
showSeats(index)
	this function will use the index parameter to find how many seats are at the table provided by the global input variable
	
startTime()
	Called when the page is finished loading this displays a clock of the current time

checkTime()
	Checks the time to see if the minutes or seconds have changed while starting the time.
	
updateTime()
	Called to update the clock every second to display to the user the new time.
	
Make Reservation.php

Html Tags:
There is a form action that lets the user enter: name, email, phone, date, party, server to be added to the wait list as a reservation. the form goes to
reservation.php which records the information sent, prints back the results to the customer and will even send a confirmation email to them.

handleReservation.php

the form action allows the host to record the name, party, server. when submitted the time stamp will be recorded the database will sort putting longer parties at the top
and the post will re-route back to handleReservation.php 

The php in the code will print off a list for the host with people who have been waiting more at the top of the listcompared to others. The host can delete
people who are no shows from the list by using the dropdown menu to select their name and pressing the delete button.

	

